c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Services.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Services.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.xml
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
