c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.xml
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.SecurityUtility.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.xml
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.SecurityUtility.pdb
c:\users\shaoyu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebSQL\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.SecurityUtility.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.ConnectionFactory.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Factory.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.IDAL.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Models.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.DBUtility.xml
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.Infrastructures.Log.xml
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better.SecurityUtility.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\bin\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.dll
C:\Users\shaoyu\Desktop\图书管理系统\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business\obj\Debug\Better517Na.WebSQL.Business.pdb
